Update README.md (#1)
dark-knight404/DarkThumbs: README.md

### Application Icon
Icons made by [Those Icons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/those-icons) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)

### Future Updates

> Looking to to some QOL updates, like updating things that say CBXShell to DarkThumbs and supporting WebP. 

Reviewer: I think you mean "Looking to **do**"
```suggestion
Looking to do some QOL updates, like updating things that say CBXShell to DarkThumbs and supporting WebP. 
```

> If you have some time and C experience, please feel free to submit edits and we will be happy to push them!

Reviewer: Slight update required IMO
```suggestion
If you have some time and C++ experience, please feel free to submit edits and we will be happy to review & merge them!
```
